Please download the PDF attached to this lecture in this section of the course, we are going to install
Ingenix, Maria, Debe and Engine is the Web server, Maria Debe, the database management system.
And she is the server side scripting language that is responsible for generating dynamic page content.
We are going to use the package manager to install the packages.
There are a few commands we need to look at regarding the advanced package manager apt to install a
package, we use Suda EPT install, followed by the package names.
If you are installing a single package, you type the single package name.
If you are installing multiple packages, you can leave a space after typing the first package name
and then type the second package.
Now you can continue in that fashion.
If you are installing multiple packages to remove packages, you have two choices you can use sudo ept
remove followed by the package names or sudo ept purge followed by the package names.
The difference between remove and purge purge will remove the packages, including the configuration
files.
Remove will remove the packages, not the configuration files.
If you want to search the repository for a particular package, you can use sudo at half in cash search
followed by the package name if you want to display information about a particular package sudo encash
show followed by the package name.
We are going to install Ingenix from the official Ubuntu repository.
We are going to install two packages.
We are going to install the Engine X package, as well as the package called Leyb Engine X mod HTTP
headers more volter.
The second package allows you to add, set or clear any output or input header that you specify.
We are going to use this particular package to help secure Ingenix once we've installed Engine X. We
need to use the system CTO status, followed by the package name, in this case Engine X, to check
the status of the Web server after installation.
Please ensure you have logged into your server before you install any packages.
Please ensure that the package list is up to date.
Sudha ept update.
All packages are up to date.
Now we can install Ingenix Suda ept, we want to install after install leave space, the first package
you want to install is Ingenix leave a space, then you tap the next package.
I recommend you copy and paste the second package.
No, you will find the package name in the PDF attached to the selector sudo app.
Install Engine X and the package leyb ingenix mod http headers more folta.
After pressing into the following, additional packages will be installed, the following new packages
will be installed.
After this operation, almost eight megabytes of additional disk space will be used.
Do you want to continue?
You can Tapasvi and enter.
And that's all there is to installing Engine X and the LEAP Engine X Mod HTP hitter's package.
What I'd like you to do now is open your browser and then type in your service IP address.
The default engine X page should be displayed to you.
I'm going to type in my service IP address after pressing enter.
Welcome to Engine X.
Engine X has been installed and is running back to terminal.
Sudo Systems CTL, we want you to confirm the status of the service Ingenix Sudo System, CTL status
and Genex the Engineer Service is active and running.
No issues are listed due to quit.
We are also going to install Maria Debe from the official Ubuntu repository, the package name that
we want to install is Maria DBI hyphen server.
As with Ingenix, check the status of the Maria DBI service after installing Maria Debe.
I'm going to type the clear command.
A few minutes ago, I installed Ingenix prior to installing Ingenix, updated the package.
In this case, I don't need to update a package list right now, so I don't need to type SUDA update.
I can simply type Sutta install.
And the name of the package, Maria DB hyphen server.
A lot of new packages are going to be installed on the server after this operation.
One hundred and seventy three megabytes of additional disk space will be used.
Do you want to continue.
You can tap away and enter.
Now we can check the status of the Maruja DV service, SUDA System, CTL status, Maria Debe, Maria
DBE is active and running due to quit.
As with Ingenix and Maria Debe, we are going to install seven point four from the official Ubuntu repository,
the following modules are recommended for WordPress, the magic module.
Please make a note, even if WordPress site health indicates that that is a required package, only
install PHP magic if needed.
The magic package has been replaced by the PGD package.
If a particular plugin requires magic, then you are more than welcome to install it.
You need to be aware that the magic module can cause issues with certain plugins.
I'm going to type the clear command to do EPT install the first package we need to install this seven
point four Hafen FPM you then the space.
The second package you need to install is seven point four CD.
After topping the GDP package, they leave a space, it's quite a long list of modules.
There is an easier way of doing it.
I'm going to type SUDEP in.
When we look at all these module names, every module starts with seven point four hyphen.
It's only the module name to the right of the hyphen that differs all packages except the hyphen is
this H2 package.
So you do have to install be seven point four hyphen.
Now you open a curly bracket or Prezi.
The first package is FPM comma.
The second package is GD comma, third package is Jason comma and you type the rest of the module names.
The last package name is Call You then close the curly bracket and the space.
Now you type the last package name which is P hyphen s h to.
The following new packages will be installed after this operation, almost 23 megabytes of additional
disk space will be used.
Do you want to continue?
Yes.
Check the status of the FBN process after installing SUDA system, CTL status seven point four hyphen.
If PM the status is active or running queue to quit.
I'm going to type clear.
So at this stage, we've installed Ingenix, Maria DB and seven point four.